Engineering students account creation

SUMMARY:

The program 'accounts' will extract a list of all students taking
atleast one engineering course for a specified term and allows for
creation of Windows NT accounts in a batch operation. The list
produced by the 'accounts' program is in a comma seperated form to be
used with the 'addusers' program which comes as part of the Windows NT
resource kit to do the actual creation and deletion of accounts.

LIST EXTRACTION:

Run the 'accounts' program on a Linux system with access to the data
warehouse. The program requires two parameters, a 'term code' and
filename to save the list into. The 'term code' is a 3 digit code
consisting of a 2 digit year and 1 digit session. For example, 004
stands for the fall 2000 session and 012 stands for the spring 2001
session. Also consider students in the special session codes 015 and
016 for spring special 2001 and fall special 2001 respectively. Eg:

./accounts 012 acct.txt

It may be necessary to convert the resulting text file into dos text
format using a unix2dos program. This can be done in emacs or
Microsoft word or write will automatically do it.

ACCOUNT CREATION:

Run the 'addusers' program on the Windows NT server to create the
accounts. To create the accounts, type:

addusers /c acct.txt

After users are added, run the 'times' script to set the allowable
access times for the users. There maybe some benign errors near the
end of execution of this script which can be ignored. Eg:

times.bat acct.txt

To erase the accounts, type:

addusers /e acct.txt

ACCOUNT INFO:

For each engineering student, an account is created with their SID and
their name. The username is their fullname, and a password formed
from their birthdate in the pattern "MMDDYY" and the global group
'StudentGG'.

ACCOUNT UPDATE:

Run the 'acctdiff' program to create a list an amended list of users
since the last time it was run. This is done by comparing the current
database with a previously created account file and creating a new
account file with only the newer users. Eq:

./acctdiff 012 acct-old.txt acct-new.txt

It may be necessary to convert the resulting text file into dos text
format using a unix2dos program. This can be done in emacs or
Microsoft word or write will automatically do it.
